-As President Trump
returns from his summit
with Kim Jong-un,
he was facing more fallout
from Michael's Cohen's
Congressional testimony.
For more on this, it's time for
"A Closer Look."
[ Cheers and applause ]
This has truly been one of
the most eventful weeks
of the Trump presidency --
and every week of the Trump
presidency is eventful.
Just once, I'd like
the CNN chyron to say,
"Breaking -- Nothing happened.
Now, get a good night's sleep."
[ Laughter ]
For example, today, Trump
wrapped up his summit in Vietnam
with North Korean leader
Kim Jong-un.
And it wouldn't be a Trump
summit with a world leader
without a super weird
handshake.
Check out this moment
between Trump and Kim,
and watch specifically for how
Trump goes in for the handshake.
[ Laughter ]
It's like...
he was going in for
a karate chop...
and then remembered it was
supposed to be a handshake.
[ Laughter ]
Trump always shakes hands the
way a 7-year-old boy would think
a big, important businessman
shakes hands.
[ As Trump ]
"I'm gonna go in for the chop,
then up and down real hard,
and then, I say
'good job with the files.
We should do
golfing sometime.'"
[ Normal voice ] Now, you might
think the tyrannical dictator
of an oppressive regime
would never get stressed out,
but on his way to the summit,
cameras apparently caught Kim
lighting up
a cigarette.
-Along the way, the North Korean
dictator was caught giving in
to one of his vices,
taking a smoke break,
and using what appeared to be
a crystal ash tray.
-He's one of the most brutal
dictators in the world,
and he looks like a K-Mart
employee on Black Friday...
[ Laughter ]
...pacing around
the parking lot,
trying to build up
the nerve to quit.
"All right.
I'm gonna so in there,
and I'm gonna say,
'Donald, it's over.
And don't try to chop my hand.'"
Everything about this summit
was weird.
For example,
the White House press pool,
which consists of a group
of rotating reporters
whose job it is to track
the president's movements,
was apparently transported
to Trump's meeting
with Kim Jong-un
in a broken bus.
According to the report,
the pool was transported
to the palace in a bus
with a broken horn
that consistently honked
on its own at nothing.
I will say,
"a horn that honked a nothing"
sounds like the title
of a children's book
about Donald Trump.
[ Laughter ]
Now, everyone...
[ Cheers and applause ]
Let's be clear...
everyone should want a peaceful,
diplomatic solution.
And after a summit
like this,
you'd at least want
a coherent explanation
of where things stand, given
the stakes of the situation.
Yet, here is Trump describing
the summit with Kim
after it was over.
-We just left
Chairman Kim.
We had a really,
I think a very productive time.
We spent pretty much all day
with Kim Jong-un,
who is...
He's quite a guy,
and quite a character.
-"Quite a character"?
He's one of the most brutal
dictators in the world,
and you're talking about him
like he's Dwight
from "The Office."
[ Laughter ]
[ As Trump ] "This guy,
let me tell you,
loves his beets.
Loves them.
Also killed thousands."
[ Normal voice] Of course,
it's very possible
Trump was distracted by the big
story looming over the summit --
the explosive
Congressional testimony
of his former personal fixer,
Michael Cohen.
In fact, there's already fallout
from the Cohen hearing.
This morning, the Democratic
chairman of the committee,
Elijah Cummings, said
the committee would probably
call more witnesses.
Cummings said, if Michael Cohen
mentioned their names
in the hearing yesterday,
chances are
they would be called in
to testify, too.
Now, that's huge.
It means everyone
from Jared Kushner
to Ivanka Trump to Don Jr.
could be called in to testify.
But personally, I'm most excited
about one person in particular,
and it comes from
this exchange yesterday.
-To your knowledge,
did the president ever provide
inflated assets
to an insurance company?
-Yes.
-Who else knows
that the president did this?
-Allen Weisselberg,
Ron Lieberman,
and Matthew Calamari.
-That's right.
There's an actual human person
named "Matthew Calamari."
[ Laughter ]
Or at least,
I think he is a person,
and not Squidward's deadbeat
uncle on "Spongebob."
If there's any upside
to electing a New Yorker
as president, it's that
we will at least get to hear
a member of Congress
say the words
"Thank you for being here,
Mr. Calamari.
We would urge you to remember
you're under oath,
and for you not to
forget about it."
[ Laughter ]
And you can tell
Trump and Republicans
are worried about
Cohen's testimony
because,
leading up to it,
they've been publicly
threatening him.
On Tuesday,
congressman Matt Gaetz
threatened to reveal information
about Cohen's personal life.
And last month,
Trump went on Fox News
and said investigators should
look into Cohen's father-in-law
for committing
some sort of crime --
although he wasn't very clear
on the specifics.
-In order to get
his sentence reduced,
he says
"I have an idea.
I'll tell -- I'll give you
some information
on the president."
Well, there is no information.
But he should give information,
maybe, on his father-in-law,
because that's the one
that people want to look at.
Because where
there's that money,
that's the money
in the family.
And I guess he didn't want to
talk about his father-in-law.
He's trying to get
his sentence reduced.
-What is his
father-in-law's name?
-I don't know, but you'll find
out, and you'll look into it.
-Man, he...
just loves to talk
in that details-free,
mafia dialect.
I'd hate to get
driving directions
from a Trump-voice GPS.
[ As Trump ] "Maybe you'll
go this way for a little bit,
and then, you'll turn
one way or the other,
and you'll get somewhere,
or you won't. Capisce?"
[ Laughter ]
[ Normal voice ] In case
you're wondering how much dirt
Cohen really has on Trump,
just remember,
Cohen has known Trump
for years.
He was his personal fixer,
his lawyer, his enforcer.
He routinely threatened people
on Trump's behalf,
as he explained
to the committee yesterday.
-How many times did Mr. Trump
ask you to threaten
an individual or entity
on his behalf?
-Quite a few times.
-50 times?
-More.
-100 times?
-200 times?
-More.
-500 times?
-Probably.
-Dear God.
At this rate, Congress
is gonna have to start using
"Price Is Right" rules.
[ Laughter ]
And even as late
as September 2017,
Cohen said he would
remain loyal to Trump.
He told Vanity Fair, "I'm
the guy who stops the leaks.
I'm the guy who protects
the president and the family.
I'm the guy who would take
a bullet for the president."
Okay, but know, Trump definitely
would not take a bullet for you.
If you were with Trump,
and he sensed danger,
he would knock you over
and run out of the room
like George Costanza.
-Fire!
[ Screaming ]
[ Laughter ]
And there's still
so much...
[ Applause ]
There's still so much...
the public does not know about
Trump's relationship with Cohen.
For example, last year,
the Washington Post
reported that
the government has seized
more than 100 recordings
that Cohen made
of his conversations
with people
discussing matters
that could relate to Trump
and his businesses,
and with Trump himself talking.
Cohen appeared to make
some recordings with an iPhone.
Wow. An iPhone.
So, not only did Cohen
flip on Trump, so did Siri.
Siri knew so much
she had to go into
the witness protection
program.
-[ Robotic voice ]
My name isn't Siri.
My name is
Matthew Calamari.
[ Laughter ]
-This is why we need
yesterday's hearings --
because we still don't know
what's in those recordings.
One of the few people who does,
Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani,
even accidentally admitted
that those tapes
might have
damning information in them
in an interview
with The New Yorker.
Responding to a story
about Trump's plan
to build a Trump Tower
in Moscow during the campaign,
Rudy said "I can tell you, from
the moment I read the story,
I knew this story
was false."
"Because?"
"Because I have been through
all the tapes."
"Wait. What tapes
have you gone through?"
"I shouldn't
have said 'tapes.'"
[ Laughter ]
"So, there were no tapes
you listened to, though?"
"No tapes.
Well, I have listened to tapes,
but none of them
concern this."
[ Laughter ]
"I remember
what it is now.
I was thinking about a mixtape
that Mr. Trump made for me."
[ Laughter ]
You know...
[ Cheers and applause ]
You know who I'd love to see
testify in front of Congress?
Rudy. He crumbles
under no pressure.
I mean, look at him.
He always looks like
he just sat on a park bench
and it turned out
to be a ski lift.
"Oh!
What's the big idea, bench?"
Not only did Trump
fail to get a deal in Vietnam,
but as he returns home,
he's facing the fallout
from Cohen's
explosive testimony.
We know so much today
that we didn't know yesterday.
In fact, at this point,
someone should just ask Cohen,
point blank, how many times
Trump broke the law.
-100 times?
-More.
-200 times?
-500 times?
-Probably.
-This has been
"A Closer Look."
[ Cheers and applause ]